Welcome to the second
course in the machine
learning engine for production,
and MLOps specialization.
In the first course, we looked at
the entire machine learning
project lifecycle.
As part of that, we also
went over data topics,
like the consistency
of the labels,
practical approaches
to data augmentation.
We also briefly touched on
some of the challenges of
building and maintaining
data pipelines.
This second course will dive much
deeper into the issue of data,
and how you can build
data pipelines.
I'm thrilled to reintroduce
this course instructor,
Robert Growe,
who's TensorFlow, developer
engineer at Google,
and one of the world's
experts on MLOps.
In this course, you'll explore
the data journey over a
production systems lifecycle.
You'll implement
feature engineering,
transformation, and selection,
with a TFX framework.
Look at responsible
data collection
for building a fair
ML production system,
and get an understanding of
deep model performance analysis.
You'll also look at ways
to improve your data,
for better training
and generalization.
Along the way, you'll become
fairly familiar
with a TFX library,
and learn to create a healthy and
fully operational data pipeline.
By encoding structured and
unstructured data types,
and addressing class imbalances,
and by leveraging ML metadata
and enterprise schemas,
to address quickly evolving data.
Remember that production ML,
often becomes an
important part of
what a business does
for its customers.
Treating people fairly, and
serving different kinds
of customers well,
requires you to understand
your model performance
at a deeper level,
which is something
you'll learn about
more in this course.
You'll also learn about
some specialized scenarios
like anomaly detection.
But the main focus of
this course is on data.
Machine learning relies on data.
The quality of your data has
a huge impact on the success
of your product or service.
Because of that, the skills
and tools that
you'll learn about,
are becoming
increasingly prominent
in the current job market.
Thanks, Robert. I'm
excited about this.
Anyone that masters
these techniques will
be much more effective
at building robust,
deployable machine
learning systems.
Thanks, Andrew. I'm
excited about this.
Anyone that masters these
techniques will be much more
effective at building robust,
deployable ML systems.
Let's dive into building
data pipelines.